Docs: Update the Getting Started section (#1999)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/install.md

# Install Fabric and Fabric Samples

> Please install the [Prerequisites](./prereqs.html) before following these install instructions.

Reviewer: I have a few comments on this page.
1. I though we were moving away from the gopath, and that it was not required.
2. I thought that the install script cloned the samples for you, and that doing that separately was not required.
3. The steps in this doc seem the be the same for all platforms. 
My thinking would be to to revert this doc to something closer to the current [Install](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html) topic and merge, since the rest is a large improvement.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @nikhil550 , good comments, I've addressed in the latest push.

> # Install Fabric Samples

Reviewer: When I first read through this, I kept looking for "install Fabric", ie how do I get it on my machine. I wonder if we should rename this - Install Fabric and samples (we can omit the binaries since no-one at this point knows that those are)

Reviewer 2: agreed

Author: Done.

Please install the [Prerequisites](./prereqs.html) before following these install instructions.

> **Fabric-Samples:**<br>

Reviewer: If we consolidate the platform sections, we can make these the sections of this article:
- Fabric docker images and Fabric samples
- Fabric source code

Author: @nikhil550 I can, but the slashes would be wrong.  I mean it would be obvious to windows users, but still forward vs backward slashes would be incorrect.

 Also, doesn't Windows use different variables for $HOME ?

>> $ mkdir -p $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>
>> $ cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>

However, as you said, if we remove the instructions to install the files in this directory altogether, then collapsing makes complete sense.  And technically you are right, we don't need to install Samples here, but I had the Fabric code base as an optional install in this page which made following the same directory structure for both repos $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid> more efficient.  

But I have since removed the optional Fabric Install section, so . . . we could just delete it and collapse the three environments into one section.

@denyeart @pamandrejko any issues with swapping this section:

> Install Install Fabric-Samples in $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid> directory.  This is a Golang Community recommendation for Go projects and this location will also enable local directories to be shared with Docker containers
> 
> $ mkdir -p $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>
> $ cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>

With

> Enter the directory where you want to install Fabric in a terminal window and enter the following cURL command.

Reviewer 2: I've collapsed the platform installs into a single download section, and added a few platform-specific considerations at the end.

> **Fabric-Samples:**<br>

Reviewer 2: Instead of `Fabric-Samples`, I'd call the section `Download Fabric images, binaries, and samples`

> We think the best way to understand something is to use it yourself.  To help you use Fabric, we have created a simple Fabric Network called `test-net` and a set of sample applications that demonstrate its core capabilities. We have also precompiled `Fabric CLI tool binaries` and `Fabric Docker Images` which will be donwloaded to your environment, to get you going.

Reviewer 3: typo: donwloaded

Author: Fixed.

> We think the best way to understand something is to use it yourself.  To help you use Fabric, we have created a simple Fabric Network called `test-net` and a set of sample applications that demonstrate its core capabilities. We have also precompiled `Fabric CLI tool binaries` and `Fabric Docker Images` which will be downloaded to your environment, to get you going.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We think the best way to understand something is to use it yourself.  To help you use Fabric, we have created a simple Fabric Network called `test-network` using docker compose, and a set of sample applications that demonstrate its core capabilities. We have also precompiled `Fabric CLI tool binaries` and `Fabric Docker Images` which will be downloaded to your environment, to get you going.
```

Author: done.

**Optional Fabric Download:**<br>

> We are huge proponents of reviewing actual code whereever possible to get a solid understanding of technical concepts. If you feel the same way, we have added instructions to help you download the Fabric code base on to your system.  This is a personal preference, you do not need this code to run any of the samples.

Reviewer 2: Most people kicking the tires will not want to look at the Fabric code, I would simply include a link to "Setting up the development environment" somewhere at the bottom, instead of talking about this here at the top.

Author: Done.

<br>
<br>

> #### Mac

Reviewer: It looks like the commands are the same for all of them, do we need three different sections. May be just say "all platforms"?

Author: Answered the comment down below for brevity.

> **Fabric-Samples:**<br>
> 
>> **Install**  Install Fabric-Samples in `$HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>` directory.  This is a Golang Community recommendation for Go projects and this location will also enable local directories to be shared with Docker containers
>> ```shell

> >> $ mkdir -p $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>

Reviewer: Is it necessary to clone the repo's separately, since the bootstrap.sh command already does that? or are we changing the flow? (cloning the repo does make things more deliberate, I can image people running the command from anywhere accidentally)

is the `go/src/` path necessary? That sound required for developers? also, the samples contains more scripts and javascript than any go code.

Author: Answered the comment down below for brevity.

>> $ cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>
>>```
>> Get the latest production release of Fabric Samples
>>```shell
>> $ curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s
>>```
> You have completed installing Fabric samples, binaries and docker images to your system.
<br>

> > **Optional Fabric Download**<br>

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't put this in the main install page at all, just link to "Setting up the development environment".

    * `fabric-ca-server`<br>
  * Download the Hyperledger Fabric docker images for the version specified

* To view the help and available commands for the Fabric-Samples bootstrap script, please use the -h flag with the cURL command:
```shell
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- -h
```
* To curl specific releases of Fabric-Samples, please pass a version identifier for Fabric and Fabric-CA docker images. The command below demonstrates how to download the latest production releases - `Fabric v2.2.0` and `Fabric CA v1.4.8` 
```shell
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- <fabric_version> <fabric-ca_version>
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- 2.2.0 1.4.8
```

* If you get an error running the curl command
  * You may have too old a version of curl that does not handle redirects or an unsupported environment. Please make sure you use a newer version from the [cURL downloads page](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html)
  * Alternately, there might be an issue with the bit.ly, please retry the command with the un-shortened URL: 
  ```shell
  curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/fabric/master/scripts/bootstrap.sh| bash -s 
  ```

> * GOPATH: By default, you do not need to set the GOPATH environment variable, it is assumed to be $HOME/go on Unix systems and %USERPROFILE%\go on Windows. If however, you would like to use a different location for fabric-samples install, you may set GOPATH to point to your specific go workspace. For example on macOS 

Reviewer 3: Thanks for clarifying this.

# Install Fabric (& Samples)

Please install the [Prerequisites](./prereqs.html) before you following these install instructions for Fabric and Samples.

#### Mac

> **Fabric:** Install Fabric in `$HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>` directory.  This is a Golang Community recommendation for Go projects and this location will also enable local directories to be shared with Docker containers

> >> **Fork** the Upstream Repo. Navigate to [(https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric)](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric) and fork the fabric repository using the fork button in the top-right corner. 

Reviewer: This seems to mix the instructions for Fabric developers and for those who are getting started. I think the contributors section is a better place for the small number of users who are going to contribute to the project

Author: Agreed - we need to make sure its the right set of install work for a new developer and we also want to keep it consistent with how we have been doing things to date. This was also discussed in the documentation calls and taking everyone's feedback, I have redone the page - where we start with Fabric Samples and give people the option to download Fabric if they want but the install/make/run instructions have been removed.  

The idea behind giving developers (By developer I mean anyone interested in Fabric - not someone looking to Contribute necessarily) the option to download the Fabric repo was to build on the their interest in Fabric - they are here because they want to understand and use Fabric - so lets give them the option to have Fabric on their machines so they can delve into the code, check out implementation, etc.  But let's not complicate it with make or running integration tests instructions.  And yes, let's keep the Samples instructions on top for continuity.

# Install Fabric and Fabric Samples

Please install the [Prerequisites](./prereqs.html) before following these install instructions.

> We think the best way to understand something is to use it yourself.  To help you use Fabric, we have created a simple Fabric Network called `test-network` using docker compose, and a set of sample applications that demonstrate its core capabilities.

Reviewer 4: Again, "Fabric network" is fine. This is not the proper name of a particular network.

Reviewer 2: done.

We have also precompiled `Fabric CLI tool binaries` and `Fabric Docker Images` which will be downloaded to your environment, to get you going.

The cURL command in the instructions below sets up your environment so that you can run the 'test-network'. Specifically, it performs the following steps:
* Clones the [hyperledger/fabric-samples](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples) repository.

> * Downloads the latest Hyperledger Fabric docker images and tags them as `latest`

Reviewer 4: "Docker", however, is a brand name. And should be capitalized.

Reviewer 2: done.

> * Downloads the following platform-specific Hyperledger Fabric CLI tool binaries and config files into the fabric-samples `/bin` and `/config` directories. These binaries will help you interact with the 'test-network'.

Reviewer 4: In this context, `fabric-samples` should be inside backtics.

Reviewer 2: done.

> * Downloads the following platform-specific Hyperledger Fabric CLI tool binaries and config files into the `fabric-samples` `/bin` and `/config` directories. These binaries will help you interact with the 'test-network'.

Reviewer: Should test network be in backticks to match style at the top. I do not have any preference (other docs just call it the Fabric test network), but we should be consistant.

Reviewer 2: I've made it Fabric test network consistently.

  * `configtxgen`,<br>
  * `configtxlator`,<br>
  * `cryptogen`,<br>
  * `discover`,<br>
  * `idemixgen`,<br>
  * `orderer`,<br>
  * `osnadmin`,<br>
  * `peer`,<br>
  * `fabric-ca-client`,<br>
  * `fabric-ca-server`<br>

## Download Fabric samples, docker images, and binaries.

> Download fabric-samples to the `$HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>` directory.  This is a Golang Community recommendation for Go projects. If you are using a different directory or Windows, see the [Notes](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html#notes) below.

Reviewer 4: And again, re: fabric-samples

Reviewer 2: done.

```shell
$ mkdir -p $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>
$ cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/<your_github_userid>
```

Download the latest release of Fabric samples, docker images, and binaries.

```shell
$ curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s
```

You have completed installing Fabric samples, docker images, and binaries to your system.

## Advanced download options

To view the help and available commands for the download script, please use the `-h` flag with the cURL command:

```shell
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- -h
```

> To download a specific release, pass a version identifier for Fabric and Fabric-CA docker images. The command below demonstrates how to download the latest production releases - `Fabric v2.3.1` and `Fabric CA v1.4.9` 

Reviewer 4: The Fabric CA generally calls itself "Fabric CA", not "Fabric-CA: https://hyperledger-fabric-ca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployguide/ca-deploy.html

Also "Docker" again here.

Reviewer 2: done.

```shell
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- <fabric_version> <fabric-ca_version>
curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- 2.3.1 1.4.9
```

## Notes

### Windows considerations

The recommended directory on Windows is `%USERPROFILE%\go\src\github.com\<your_github_userid>`.
If using another directory, please consult the Docker documentation for [file sharing](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#file-sharing) and the [GOPATH environment](https://golang.org/doc/gopath_code.html#GOPATH) documentation.

### Other considerations

* Setting GOPATH is not required when using Go modules in your projects, or when using the recommended directory. If you would like to use a different location for fabric-samples, you may set GOPATH to point to your specific go workspace. For example on macOS:

  ```shell
  $ export GOPATH:$Home/<user-defined-workspace>/go
  ```

* If you are looking to set up your environment to start contributing to Fabric, please refer to the instructions for [Setting up the contributor development environment](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev-setup/devenv.html).

## Troubleshooting

* If you get an error running the curl command

>   * You may have too old a version of curl that does not handle redirects or an unsupported environment. Please make sure you use a newer version from the [cURL downloads page](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html)

Reviewer 4: cURL

Reviewer 2: done.
